[Music]
Mercury Venus Earth Mars born at the
same time to orbit the same star born
from the same stuff all with a chance to
bloom into life but only one had the
distance and the chemistry right not
mercury the runt of us not much larger
than our Moon where our Sun seems three
times as big and shines 11 times as
bright or hope of life died long ago
when thrown off course this moonless
rock got trapped into an orbit far too
close to harbor growth too cold
by night too hot by day where any drop
of rain would boil away but still not
quite the most inhospitable of all his
prize would go to Venus despite a name
claim from Roman god of beauty and of
love despite deep oceans flowing long
ago despite for many years that can
almost like our home now the most
scalding nastiest of neighbors most
unwelcoming to guests where LED would
melt to silver puddles on a surface of
volcanic scars leaving only Mars some
say our final chance of finding life
elsewhere named after a god of war
unfair perhaps for once upon a star this
rock was an oasis blue not red and dust
but warm and wet till frozen deserts
IIST its crust to leave just us the
earth a tiny patch of planet life for a
tiny patch of time till one day earth
would also die and our Sun to fade away
shrinking to a white dwarf star never
known again
you
[Music]